= g_fancybox

https://github.com/midas/g_fancybox


== DESCRIPTION

A Guilded (http://github.com/midas/guilded/tree/master) Rails component that generates the code necessary to easily implement
the fancybox (http://http://fancybox.net/) lightbox effect.


== COMPATABILITY

* Ruby 1.9
* Ruby 1.8
* Rails 3
* Rails 2


== INSTALL

  gem install g_fancybox


== INSTALL FOR RAILS

Configure the Gem for use:

  gem 'g_fancybox'          # Rails 3
  config.gem 'g_fancybox'   # Rails 2

Install the Gem:

  bundle install         # Rails 3
  rake gems:install      # Rails 2

Generate:

  rails generate g_fancybox:install     # Rails 3
  script/generate g_fancybox_install    # Rails 2 (WIP)


== USAGE:

Simplest case:

  <%= link_to 'Test', 'http://google.com', :class => 'fancybox' %>
  <%= g_fancybox :fancybox => { :type => 'iframe' } %>

or

  <%= g_fancybox_link_to 'Test', 'http://google.com', :fancybox => { :type => 'iframe' } %>

A more complex case:

  <%= g_fancybox_link_to 'Test', 'http://google.com', :fancybox => { :type => 'iframe',
                                                                     :transitionIn => 'elastic',
                                                                     :transitionOut => 'elastic',
                                                                     :easingIn => 'easeOutBack',
                                                                     :easingOut => 'easeInBack',
                                                                     :speedIn => 450 } %>

g_fancybox will pass any of the API options listed at http://fancybox.net/api to the fancybox JavaScript code for you
when you use the :fancybox option.  Notice that the options inside the :fancybox entry must be camel case, synonymous
with accepted JavaScript practices.

See http://gsgd.co.uk/sandbox/jquery/easing/ for easing options.


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.


== Copyrights

The Fancybox JavaScript library is Copyright (c) 2008 - 2010 Janis Skarnelis.
Please see http://fancybox.net/ for details.

The jQuery Easing Library is Copyright (c) 2008 George McGinley Smith.

Copyright (c) 2010 C. Jason Harrelson (midas). See LICENSE for details.
